welcome back to my channel where's the
music uh have any music I'm just really
like right now all night I'm super super
happy but anyways well connect to my
channel if you are new to my channel
please take the time now to subscribe so
you don't miss anything that I post you
can turn on qualifications as well
that'd be great
anyways I'm coming on here today to do
another why I can review for another
wonderful way from them this week
actually bought this week first um I'm
saying first because I proves it in a
video on if we zoom your curl away from
them but actually this one okay I'm
doing it most right now let's get the
clear details up this week it came in
this box if you watch our previous video
you can tell that this is a different
packaging they have changed your
packaging since this one that box is now
black I don't have anything that came in
this mocking this is a yaki section
width oh it came like really wild and
big it kind of looks like my hair when I
blow-dry it mimics african-american hair
very very well I mean there well people
think this is my hair all the time
it's my weird and I think wearing a lot
of my friends when they ran their hand
through with it it it feels fantastic
and I know it's kind of weird because
the hair is dead but it feels super
duper healthy um I don't know where life
can get in the hair from bun keep it up
booth this is a lace front wig and if
not it felt it's not a full 360 front oh
it's not a full lips with the parting
space is minimum minimal minimal there's
only about two inches here and then it
goes about four inches here and I would
say that is the only con to this wig is
that the parting space to me isn't
sufficient because I want a particle
like way back here and it can be
the track start right here yeah and it
comes with two comes here one come here
I'll come to the back and be adjustable
straps now I have an elastic band sewn
into this big and I usually put on the
got some glue on here but because I only
put the swing on and did this face for
video and all that because I'm lazy
but without it it still lays pretty flat
and I didn't bleach the knots and I also
didn't conceal this part and it still
looks pretty dang natural to me so this
weed is good y'all it is 18 inches show
you where it's on me let's turn to the
back and I'm about five seven so I feel
like this is long enough for me anyway
if you want to go longer go ahead and
spin those coins because you got it and
I do not speaking of points I actually
bought this with my own coins because
Who am I
so why freaking did not sponsor this
video I'm in this video just so I can
share with you guys um if you're looking
for a way like the choices you have
because I know before I bought any of
our wakes I stopped them on YouTube like
I look on YouTube for everything right
by it just about so much god no a real
video or my real review that it's not
sponsored that this wig it's just
amazing and it is my number two because
the one I just bought from Africa number
one right now because the versatility of
it if you haven't watched that video
check it out I want to link it in below
and I might try and make it in the video
my tech skills really an egg bigoted so
I do believe this wig can be coloured
because it is virgin hair but I'm not
going to color it though I'm sorry I
love for African they are super duper
affordable especially if you're looking
for your first wig and the quality is
amazing you do not lose any quality for
the prices that they offer so don't let
the price fool you you can look them up
and you can search them all over YouTube
now if you are thinking of buying the
way that you want to check out their
inventory please use the link I have
posted in the description box and make
an account because when you make an
account you are reward
points when you buy away you can use the
reward points for future purchases and
that's a really good thing that I like
about him which is why she went back to
them to buy my other wig because I have
points from this week and it took about
$40 off with a coupon so yeah thank you
guys so much for tuning in and once
again if you have not subscribed please
subscribe now and share this video and
have this wig let me know how you liked
it if you had any problems with it
please leave it in the comments down
below
also if you guys want to see this look
give me a thumbs up
[Music]